Dear Client,

I need to give you more background and context to what we have been offering and what we are proposing.

Drupal has been a great tool for us. It's enabled us to build some really powerful web applications. However, using Drupal for a site like yours is a bit like trying to hang a picture frame with a sledge hammer and railroad spike. Drupal creates "dynamic" sites. They are dynamic in the sense that each time a person views a page software on a server rebuilds the page specific to that user at that time. To accomplish this we must maintain a large stack of specialized software. Each componet requires a significant amount of effort to keep performant and secure. Because Drupal sites are a living thing they are vulnerable to attack by spammers and hackers. This creates a liability to you as the site owner, and to us as the web host.

Simply stated, it is not possible for us to stay in business maintaining Drupal sites and the related hosting infrastructure for the rates you and many others were paying.

Since we are talking about hosting expenses I'd like to talk through our pricing structure.

* Custom domain names are each $13 per year. This is just a couple dollars more than the right-wing, womanizing GoDaddy service and provides us easy access to make changes when needed.
* DNS hosting is an undervalued service that serves the sole function of pointing your custom domain names to a server on the internet. There are many free services available, but you get what you pay for. Low cost services often cause problems at the most inconveient times and then we get blamed for the outage. "Hey, my website is down. You are hosting my site, fix it." Well, it might be that your domain name isn't properly sending traffic to the right place, or any place. It's just not worth it for us to have to answer those phone calls and emails for something that isn't our fault and we have no control over. For that reason we have standardized on using the most reliable DNS service in the industry. It's the same one used by sites like Amazon and Twitter. In the 11 years Dyn has been in business they have not had any downtime. That's a mamoth statement for any web service. We charge $3/mo for this service. Direct from Dyn it is $30/mo http://dyn.com/dns/dynect-managed-dns-lite This is technically an optional service since you could choose to manage your DNS elsewhere but we would not be able to guarantee your sites availability if you did.
* Our Drupal hosting stack consists of many layers. Firewalls, load ballancer, front-end cache, PHP Opt-Code caching, performance optimized versions of PHP, MySQL, and Drupal. Combined with a control panel for managing installations, this sits on redundent servers that use a hybrid of Solid State drives (SSD) and 15K RPM SAS drives.
* Content Delivery Network.

So going forward, the option to stay at the same cost is not possible. We are discontinuing the hosting plan you were on, and now the cheapest option will be $250 / year.  Therefore, it will be more expensive for you if we kept your site in Drupal.  

The new static site you now have allows the least expensive hosting option, which is either $60 or $120 per year depending on which type of content managing experience you wish to have.

The $60 / year option is geared towards people who don't need to make many content changes, or who have a lot of experience with web technology. These users don't mind installing new applications and using the command line on their computers for a few things. That's why it's called (at least for now) the "power user" option. As I said, very few clients will fit this...

So the $120 / year option is what we're recommending for you. It will be easy to manage content through using the Dropbox web service (https://www.dropbox.com/). This will also have an advantage of being easier to use than the rich-text editor in your old site. Instead, now you will use an emerging new standard called Markdown files.

These are like plain text files (with some easy ways to add formatting), and you need not be logged into your website to work with content. There are lots of good reasons to go this route, and I really encourage you to read the link above for the full picture: http://www.sundaysenergy.com/static/cape

We are excited about offering this option to clients, and I think once you get adjusted to the concept and how to use it you'll like it more than Drupal.  Plus, as I said, it *is* the least expensive option now (and provides a better overall website for integral-therapy.com).

Let me know if you have any further questions about this.  If not, we can move forward with getting you set up to make content changes and getting this new site live on your domain.